docs: Update quickstart for Dagger shell (#9803)
dagger/dagger: docs/current_docs/ci/quickstart/publish.mdx

- publish the container image to a registry and return the image identifier.

:::tip COMBINING DAGGER FUNCTIONS

> There are various reasons why you might want to write Dagger Functions that call other Dagger Functions. A common reason is that when developing locally, it's quicker and easier to trigger your pipeline using a single command (`dagger -c publish ...`) instead of multiple commands (`dagger -c test ... && build ... &&  ...`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are various reasons why you might want to write Dagger Functions that call other Dagger Functions. A common reason is that when developing locally, it's quicker and easier to trigger your pipeline using a single command (`dagger -c publish ...`) instead of multiple commands (`dagger -c 'test ... && build ... &&  ...'`).
```

> There are various reasons why you might want to write Dagger Functions that call other Dagger Functions. A common reason is that when developing locally, it's quicker and easier to trigger your pipeline using a single command (`dagger -c publish ...`) instead of multiple commands (`dagger -c test ... && dagger -c build ... &&  ...`).

Author: Modified

> There are various reasons why you might want to write Dagger Functions that call other Dagger Functions. A common reason is that when developing locally, it's quicker and easier to trigger your pipeline using a single command (`dagger -c publish ...`) instead of multiple commands (`dagger -c test ... && dagger -c build ... &&  ...`).

Reviewer: Missed the single quotes.

> There are various reasons why you might want to write Dagger Functions that call other Dagger Functions. A common reason is that when developing locally, it's quicker and easier to trigger your pipeline using a single command (`dagger -c publish ...`) instead of multiple commands (`dagger -c test ... && dagger -c build ... &&  ...`).

Author: Thanks!

> There are various reasons why you might want to write Dagger Functions that call other Dagger Functions. A common reason is that when developing locally, it's quicker and easier to trigger your pipeline using a single command (`dagger shell -c publish ...`) instead of multiple commands (`dagger shell -c test ... && dagger shell -c build ... &&  ...`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are various reasons why you might want to write Dagger Functions that call other Dagger Functions. A common reason is that when developing locally, it's quicker and easier to trigger your pipeline using a single command (`dagger -c publish ...`) instead of multiple commands (`dagger -c test ... && dagger-c build ... &&  ...`).
```

```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="System shell">
```shell
# all equivalent
dagger -c 'base | with-exec apk add bash git | publish ttl.sh/bar'
dagger -c 'build | publish ttl.sh/bar'
dagger -c build-and-publish
```
</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Dagger Shell">
```shell title="Type 'dagger' to start Dagger Shell in interactive mode and enter the command below."
# all equivalent

> base | with-exec apk,add,bash,git | publish ttl.sh/bar

Author: Fixed
